Did I not tell you the whereabouts of Sister Chen Lin?
Why won't you let me go?
Don't worry, he went to a very safe place
I promise you.
Will definitely let you see him again
Promise me
Take this with you wherever you go.
When I'm not around
He will protect you
I put a locator in the toy
Once the hot pot has an umbrella
I know where he is the first time
Give it to Sister Chen Lin
Why is that?
He needs protection more than I do
Brother Octopus, are you really not coming to my house?
What do you think?
I know Jiang Yu doesn't like me
But at least you have to pretend
Otherwise, I know that something is really going on today.
OK.
Brother, this is not me coming to you.